---
layout: post_episode
title: Gohan's Rage
author: by Joost van Heijningen
---

Gohan bursts through Raditz's Space Pod, shocking Piccolo and Raditz. Goku tells Gohan to run away, but Gohan is too deeply enraged to make sense of anything. Raditz, reading Gohan's Power Level to be well above his own, begins to panic.

Suddenly, Gohan charges at Raditz and hits him in the middle of his chest, leaving him wounded. Gohan runs to his father's side as Raditz staggers to his feet. Goku pleads with Gohan to run, but now he is too scared to run. Raditz reads Gohan's power again: it has substantially dropped to one. Raditz knocks Gohan unconscious, which sends him a few feet away.

Raditz approaches Gohan and begins to gather energy to kill him. Raditz reveals that Gohan was the first person to wound him this severely. As Raditz raises his arm for the final blow, Goku puts him in a Full-Nelson, preventing the attack. He tells Piccolo to try the Special Beam Cannon again, even if it means his own death. Piccolo, without hesitation, begins to gather energy for another Special Beam Cannon.

Raditz pleads with his brother to reconsider what he is doing, but Goku only holds on tighter. Piccolo finally gathers enough energy for the technique, and fires it at Raditz. The beam goes directly through both Saiyan brothers. The two fall to the ground fatally wounded. Piccolo approaches Raditz, who is lamenting that Goku foolishly sacrificed his life.

Piccolo tells Raditz about the Dragon Balls and that they can grant any wish, which includes bringing the dead back to life, but Raditz secretly relays the message to his two partners in deep space. Raditz triumphantly tells them that these two are far stronger than him, and that they will very likely come to Earth to use the Dragon Balls to wish him back in one year. Raditz laughs maniacally, and an irate Piccolo finishes Raditz off.

Back at Goku's House, Chi-Chi wonders what's taking Goku and Gohan so long to return home and that he must have lost track of time. She hopes the delay won't affect Gohan's studies but then realises that it's good for him to have some fun from time to time as well. The Ox-King then shows up bearing gifts asking where Gohan is.

In deep space, Raditz's partners, Vegeta and Nappa, pick up Raditz's signal and learn of the Dragon Balls. Meanwhile, Bulma, Master Roshi, and Krillin arrive just in time to bid Goku farewell.

Back in deep space Nappa mentions using the Dragon Balls to wish Raditz back to life but Vegeta tells him that Raditz was a weakling and it would be a waste of a wish. Vegeta decides to wish for eternal life, so they get into their Space Pods and head for Earth.

Goku's body begins to vanish, which Piccolo states was Kami's doing, while everyone is left to mourn his death and prepare for the approaching threat.
