---
layout: post_episode
title: Piccolo's Plan
author: by Joost van Heijningen
---

As Goku and Piccolo charge towards Raditz to attack, he kicks out backwards and sends them rolling away. He then fires a Double Sunday that destroys Piccolo's left arm.

On their way to the Spinach Wastes, Bulma, Krillin and Master Roshi discuss Goku's team up with Piccolo. Master Roshi expresses that teaming up with Goku is the best chance he has of defeating Raditz but Krillin is concerned over Piccolo's evil intentions but Master Roshi says that if those two can not defeat Raditz then there is no one else left on Earth who can.

Piccolo, now with only one arm, reveals that he has a secret ace up his sleeve, but will need some time before he can charge up this new attack. Thus, Goku is given the job to stall Raditz for five minutes. Goku and Raditz begin their fight, but once again Goku is unable to keep up with Raditz. He is sent crashing to the ground, and even after unleashing a Kamehameha, Goku is unable to do any kind of damage to Raditz. Raditz then blasts Goku out of the sky with Saturday Crush.

But the time is enough and Piccolo fires his most powerful attack, which he had originally designed to use against Goku: the Special Beam Cannon. The Cannon almost hits Raditz dead-on. However, Raditz is able to dodge it, which completely horrifies Piccolo. The attack did nothing but injure Raditz's shoulder and damage his armor. Raditz was about to use Begone! on Piccolo, but then he stopped & sounded like he was in pain.

Upon turning around, Raditz saw that Goku had grabbed his tail to weaken him. Goku squeezed it, paralyzing Raditz, and told Piccolo to use the Special Beam Cannon again. Piccolo agreed, but said that he only had enough energy to use it one more time.

Raditz begged for mercy, and pleaded to Goku by claiming that if he lets him go, then he’ll leave the Earth never return. Piccolo tried to warn Goku saying that it was a trick, but Goku’s mercy got the best of him. Piccolo turned out to be correct, as Raditz then elbowed Goku to the ground & pinned him down with his foot.

Raditz mocked Goku for being so easily deceived. Goku called the trick dirty, but Raditz replies with that he’s a first-class warrior and he’ll do whatever it takes to win, even deceiving his own brother. He then dared Piccolo to use the Special Beam Cannon again, but Piccolo couldn’t because he’d just dodge it again. Raditz then continues to torture Goku by crushing his ribs under his foot.

Back at Goku's House, Chi-Chi prepares dinner ready for Goku and Gohan's arrival home. She spots Gohan's test paper and seeing his perfect score says that she ought to push him into the sciences so he could become an astronaut and travel into space some day. She then wonders when the two will hurry up and come back home.

Raditz continues to harm Goku as Gohan hears his screams from inside the Space Pod. Raditz suddenly picks up a large power level but is unaware of where it's coming from. Suddenly an angered Gohan smashes through the Space Pod.
